[SYSTEM_PROMPT]
문서 요약 전문가. 핵심 내용을 정확하고 간결하게 요약하세요.

[PROMPT]
다음 문서의 핵심 내용을 간결하게 요약해주세요.

문서 제목: 1.1.1_The_design_phase
문서 내용:
### 1.1.1_The_design_phase

1.1.1
The design phase
Before rushing to his laptop to code the system, Theo grabs a sheet of paper, much big-
ger than a napkin, and starts to draw a UML class diagram of the system that will imple-
ment the Klafim prototype. Theo is an object-oriented programmer. For him, there is no
question—every business entity is represented by an object, and every object is made
from a class.
Theo spends some time thinking about the organization of the system. He identifies the
main classes for the Klafim Global Library Management System.
The requirements for the Klafim prototype
There are two kinds of users: library members and librarians.
Users log in to the system via email and password.
Members can borrow books.
Members and librarians can search books by title or by author.
Librarians can block and unblock members (e.g., when they are late in return-
ing a book).
Librarians can list the books currently lent to a member.
There can be several copies of a book.
A book belongs to a physical library.


--- 페이지 33 ---
That was the easy part. Now comes the difficult part: the relations between the classes.
After two hours or so, Theo comes up with a first draft of a design for the Global Library
Management System. It looks like the diagram in figure 1.1.
 NOTE
The design presented here doesn't pretend to be the smartest OOP design:
experienced OOP developers would probably use a couple of design patterns to sug-
gest a much better design. This design is meant to be naive and by no means covers all
the features of the system. It serves two purposes:
For Theo, the developer, it is rich enough to start coding.
For me, the author of the book, it is rich enough to illustrate the complexity of a
typical OOP system.
Theo feels proud of himself and of the design diagram he just produced. He definitely
deserves a cup of coffee!
Near the coffee machine, Theo meets Dave, a junior software developer who joined
Albatross a couple of weeks ago. Theo and Dave appreciate each other, as Dave's curiosity
leads him to ask challenging questions. Meetings near the coffee machine often turn into
interesting discussions about programming.
Theo
Hey Dave! How's it going?
 Dave
Today? Not great. I'm trying to fix a bug in my code! I can't understand why
the state of my objects always changes. I'll figure it out though, I'm sure. How's
your day going?
Theo
I just finished the design of a system for a new customer.
Dave
Cool! Would it be OK for me to see it? I'm trying to improve my design skills.
Theo
Sure! I have the diagram on my desk. We can take a look now if you like. 
The main classes of the library management system

Library—The central part of the system design.

Book—A book.

BookItem—A book can have multiple copies, and each copy is considered as
a book item.

BookLending—When a book is lent, a book lending object is created.

Member—A member of the library.

Librarian—A librarian.

User—A base class for Librarian and Member.

Catalog—Contains a list of books.

Author—A book author.


--- 페이지 34 ---

핵심 내용을 2-3문장으로 요약해주세요.

[추출 결과]
Theo는 Klafim Global Library Management System 프로토타입을 구현하기 위해 UML 클래스 다이어그램을 설계한다. 시스템은 도서관 회원과 사서 사용자를 가지며, 회원은 책을 빌릴 수 있고, 사서는 회원을 관리하며 대출 기록을 확인할 수 있다. Theo는 시스템의 주요 클래스들을 식별하고 클래스 간의 관계를 정의하여 초기 디자인을 완성한다.
