[SYSTEM_PROMPT]
문서 분석 전문가. 상세하면서도 핵심적인 내용을 정리하세요.

[PROMPT]
다음 문서의 상세 핵심 내용을 정리해주세요.

문서 제목: 1.1.1_The_design_phase
문서 내용:
### 1.1.1_The_design_phase

1.1.1
The design phase
Before rushing to his laptop to code the system, Theo grabs a sheet of paper, much big-
ger than a napkin, and starts to draw a UML class diagram of the system that will imple-
ment the Klafim prototype. Theo is an object-oriented programmer. For him, there is no
question—every business entity is represented by an object, and every object is made
from a class.
Theo spends some time thinking about the organization of the system. He identifies the
main classes for the Klafim Global Library Management System.
The requirements for the Klafim prototype
There are two kinds of users: library members and librarians.
Users log in to the system via email and password.
Members can borrow books.
Members and librarians can search books by title or by author.
Librarians can block and unblock members (e.g., when they are late in return-
ing a book).
Librarians can list the books currently lent to a member.
There can be several copies of a book.
A book belongs to a physical library.


--- 페이지 33 ---
That was the easy part. Now comes the difficult part: the relations between the classes.
After two hours or so, Theo comes up with a first draft of a design for the Global Library
Management System. It looks like the diagram in figure 1.1.
 NOTE
The design presented here doesn't pretend to be the smartest OOP design:
experienced OOP developers would probably use a couple of design patterns to sug-
gest a much better design. This design is meant to be naive and by no means covers all
the features of the system. It serves two purposes:
For Theo, the developer, it is rich enough to start coding.
For me, the author of the book, it is rich enough to illustrate the complexity of a
typical OOP system.
Theo feels proud of himself and of the design diagram he just produced. He definitely
deserves a cup of coffee!
Near the coffee machine, Theo meets Dave, a junior software developer who joined
Albatross a couple of weeks ago. Theo and Dave appreciate each other, as Dave's curiosity
leads him to ask challenging questions. Meetings near the coffee machine often turn into
interesting discussions about programming.
Theo
Hey Dave! How's it going?
 Dave
Today? Not great. I'm trying to fix a bug in my code! I can't understand why
the state of my objects always changes. I'll figure it out though, I'm sure. How's
your day going?
Theo
I just finished the design of a system for a new customer.
Dave
Cool! Would it be OK for me to see it? I'm trying to improve my design skills.
Theo
Sure! I have the diagram on my desk. We can take a look now if you like. 
The main classes of the library management system

Library—The central part of the system design.

Book—A book.

BookItem—A book can have multiple copies, and each copy is considered as
a book item.

BookLending—When a book is lent, a book lending object is created.

Member—A member of the library.

Librarian—A librarian.

User—A base class for Librarian and Member.

Catalog—Contains a list of books.

Author—A book author.


--- 페이지 34 ---

주요 개념과 중요한 세부사항을 포함하여 5-7문장으로 정리해주세요.

[추출 결과]
이 문서는 Klafim 글로벌 라이브러리 관리 시스템 프로토타입 개발을 위한 설계 단계에 대한 내용을 담고 있다. 숙련된 객체 지향 프로그래머인 Theo는 시스템의 주요 클래스들을 식별하고 UML 클래스 다이어그램을 통해 시스템 설계를 시작한다. 시스템은 도서관 멤버와 사서, 도서 대출, 도서 검색, 회원 관리 등의 기능을 포함하며, 각 기능은 Library, Book, BookItem, BookLending, Member, Librarian, User, Catalog, Author 등의 클래스로 표현된다. 설계는 완벽하진 않지만, 코드 구현을 시작하고 객체 지향 시스템의 복잡성을 설명하기에 충분하도록 의도되었다. Theo는 주니어 개발자 Dave와 설계에 대해 논의하며, 설계 기술을 향상시키려는 Dave에게 자신의 설계를 보여준다. 이 설계는 시스템의 기본 구조와 클래스 간의 관계를 나타내는 초기 단계의 설계이다.
